All right.
So we've seen other create files we've seen how to move and rename them.
Last thing we'll talk about is removing or deleting files.
So it's pretty straightforward.
It's a super quick video.
The command that we need to use is our M stands for Remove.
It's important to note however that this is only for deleting files in the next video.
We'll talk about deleting directories.
It's a little trickier so to delete a file just r.m space.
The name of a file.
So in this case inside of stuff I type ls.
There is go to XP and cat picks if I want to remove goat TXI he just r.m goat.
T T.
And now if I type Alice it's gone and all that's left is cat pics.
So just like some of the other Commanche you've seen we can also pass in multiple arguments to be removed
as long as are all files and we just separate them by spaces.
All right so let me show you.
I'm talking about here.
I'm back in my dog photos directory and let's go into rusty pick's two files.
I'm going to start by removing treats that T S T So you can see it's in there right now.
I'll do r.m treats that T S T I type ls and it's gone.
Something to note.
We don't get any sort of warning it's just immediately gone and it's gone forever.
I can't command Zeeuw my way out of that one.
So just something to be aware of unlike when you drag something to the trash.
You know where you can recover it and trash can.
This file is not in the trash can.
So let me remake a new file just so I can show you how to do it.
Two things at once.
I'll call this one test XTi and let's remove test that Pixie and rusty puppy.
So that is r.m rusty puppy space.
And then the other file name and as many as we want.
We could keep going but we only have two files.
So I did that and now we have an empty directory.
Everything is gone.
OK so that wraps up r.m that's all there is to it.
Stands for Remove obliged to remove files but not folders or directories.
That's up next.